Even though the government is a large-scale government,
the work of the Japanese people,
which has been organized,
is not something that should be done in the present,
despite the fact that it has benefited a small number of people and has suffered many people,
and has been taking a more serious approach.
However, what kind of reason is it to do it?
It is a matter of course that we must think about what is going on in the future.
It is a very easy to understand reason.
The Ryodai Seito was mostly found in the land by the people of the Japanese people.
In fact, the largest number of Japanese silver is not the people of the Japanese people,
who are the hands of the people of the Japanese people.
The people of the Japanese people do not set fire to the election.
They set fire to the election.
In the case of the people of the Japanese people,
they set fire to the election and pay the other costs.
However, it is not good to say that the common people,
who are the people of the Japanese people,
do not pay the interest of 80% of the people,
although they do not pay it.
It is because the common people are trying to bring it
to the people of the Japanese people.
If the common people pay the interest of 80% of the people,
they will be the enemy of the people of the Japanese people.
However, it is not the case now.
In any case, the Ryodai Seito works for the people of the Japanese people.
All the work of the government and the law is to make the people of the Japanese people suffer
by taking the interest of the people of the Japanese people.
The tax on wood is 10% of the tax,
but the tax on red-brown silk is 1% of the tax.
All the people of the Japanese people who use the red-brown silk-related metals
suffer for this,
but the tax on the three-pointed sword of the sword
is taken as a profit of millions of yen every year.
If you give this profit to a small number of people,
the more you receive the tax, the easier it is to take the interest of the people of the Japanese people.
However, the Ryodai Seito is always
a tool for taking the interest of the people of the Japanese people,
and they have to suffer even if they do not take the interest of the people of the Japanese people.
They are in a situation where they have to suffer.
They have a bad heart, but they also have to be pitiful.
If you try to do this well,
you will have to pay a lot of money to the people of the Japanese people.
If you do not put the vote in a way
that will make the people of the Japanese people suffer,
it will be repeated.
According to the experience so far,
the more the people of the Japanese people suffer,
the more they take the interest of the people of the Japanese people,
and the more they take the interest of the people of the Japanese people.
This is the biggest cause of the pain of the Japanese people
and the suffering of other countries.